Sean
Cole is it Simon's hey fellas nice yeah
have a go guys my bucket but back in
market is it to me if you never get
y'all there skip it oh yeah what well
thanks i put a g boy dont le no
no off the whole nine at yes you're
zooming and then we're gonna get a
quarter life okay Quinn it although
there's another hook up camera I'll
completely just look at coming up you
look completely different so bad it's
all good two o'clock yet oh no I can't
relate a whole file Faison shot that you
know yet amazing yeah I didn't girls
looks a lot better shot oh I can't stop
thinking about her hair used to be
either might label oh come on back bombi
it new age Tomlin yeah she coughing I
can only get you started with Simon
kicking ten Dara hey if anybody's there
though I'll sit together why didn't he
come in your age here but this yeah yeah
oh you know not gonna be knew where he's
going to be asked in ish ish yeah the
whole nine gap long as you leave a
little bit ly sideburns on because I
mean it takes me ages to go anywhere
particular age ain't got no personnel
okay go side
what it sounds like me my sideburns haha
Elena caramelize glass trophy Jake your
sideburns hippie hey I feel bad oh don't
go finish don't want Alan just quit
quitting back inside no but I won't mind
right now I don't you go a little bit
things like yeah yeah yeah all right
okay see you I can't believe I'm today
look ballot it slowly but surely it's
disappearing my son so so gonna write a
song jacket so my face and I got a
better color try yet some new look mr.
smooth Michael Jackson Oh Mickey